---
layout: post
title:  "Considering a new style for the site"
tags: website personal
---

The current style for this website was made in late 2019 by simplifying a large stylesheet into the minimum requirements for the site.

It didn't feel very well because it was both ugly, and hard to maintain considering how little of the "components" I was actually using.

With the "New 2020 style" I removed most if not all the javascript and turned 1600 lines of css into a 270 lines long css file with very basic rules, flexible (More like simple) for any screen size, with light/dark mode, etc.

Still, I feel like I want some new style, something more beautiful to look at, but keeping the "basic and utilitarian" look.

Probably a new color palette and setting a maximum width would be enough to make it look better.

In any case, this how it used to look; actually, how it looks until I actually make changes to the style.

<span>See the Pen <a href="https://codepen.io/alniarez/pen/GRWYVWL"> 2020 website style</a> by Alniarez (<a href="https://codepen.io/alniarez">@alniarez</a>)on <a href="https://codepen.io">CodePen</a>.</span>
{: class="codepen" data-height="600" data-theme-id="light" data-default-tab="css,result" data-user="alniarez" data-slug-hash="GRWYVWL" style="height: 600px; box-sizing: border-box; display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; border: 2px solid; margin: 1em 0; padding: 1em;" data-pen-title="2020 website style"}

<script async src="https://cpwebassets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

---

Why bother updating the style of a site no one really looks at? Mostly to keep myself "fresh" when it comes to styling and css.